# Game Archive
The system will automatically store some key archive data when storing data, and the author does not need to implement the storage of these data. <br> 
It also supports author to store additional and read some custom data. <br> 
The standalone version supports unlimited archives by default, depending on the author's customization. <br>

### Archive of standalone kernel - data stored automatically by the system
-- World's custom attributes<br> 
-- Second-cycle variables<br> 
-- Player's data (custom player data, player's SceneObject basic data + custom data)<br> 
> Player's SceneObject basic data are the SceneObject's attributes

-- Player's variables<br> 
-- Properties of all scene objects in the current scene (basic data of scene objects + custom data)<br> 
-- Switches of objects in all scenes (i.e. switches of objects in the whole game world)<br> 
> For example, if the image command has ABCD and it is archived while executing B, then reading the archive will continue to be executed next, rather than re-executing it.

-- All events that are currently executing<br> 
> For example, if an event is executing ABCD, and it is archived halfway through the execution, reading the file will continue the execution of the next event.

-- object behavior currently being executed<br> 
> For example, if the object behavior requires the execution of ABCD steps, and the execution of AB is archived, then the execution of CD will continue after the break.

-- The currently playing background music, scene sound effects. (including volume, global volume, pitch, etc.)<br>
> Reference:[GameAudio.lastBgmURL, GameAudio.lastBGMPitch, GameAudio.lastBGMVolume, GameAudio.lastBgsURL, GameAudio.lastBGSPitch, GameAudio.lastBGSVolume, GameAudio.bgmVolume, GameAudio.bgsVolume, GameAudio.seVolume];

-- All currently opened screens<br> 
-- Status of current scene's shots, etc.<br> 
-- Game time and archive time, etc.<br>


### Archive of the stand-alone kernel - two-week variables and custom data
As a diurnal variable, it is used across the board. For example, if the first archive is used to change the number 3 diurnal variable to 100, any new game or archive will be 100 when that value is not changed.<br> 
The same is true for custom diurnal data. 

### Archiving of network kernels - data stored automatically by the system
The network kernel is responsible for storing and reading data into the database by the main thread and contains:<br> 
-- Custom properties of the world<br> 
-- Variables of the world (global variables)<br> 
-- Player data (custom player data, basic data of the player's scene object + custom data)<br> 
-- Object switch data of the whole scene object



### Reference:
[API-Stand-alone version - Archive Read Archive Related - Single-player Games:SinglePlayerGame](?file=006-API-2D单机内核/002-客户端/029-SinglePlayerGame#SinglePlayerGame%20单机游戏类)<br>
