# Material System
The material system is used to add "material effects" to the displayed object, such as tint, blur, distortion, etc. <br> 
Materials consume a lot of performance, so use them wisely as appropriate. <br>

## Add & Use
There are material properties in the objects that allow adding materials, and you can choose to add one or more materials. <br> When a material is added, the material effect can be changed by adjusting the parameters. <br>

## Time transition characteristics
Some materials have a time transition parameter, which can be adjusted to make the material dynamic by default. <br> 
And you can control the time transition parameter visually to control how it transitions.

## Custom Materials
Advanced developers can make a custom material and also share it as a plugin. <br> 
Configure material parameters visually, and write Shader to achieve the effect.

##### Step 1: Open the material editor ALT+-
Visualize the components needed to add material parameters in this custom editor.<br>

##### Step 2: Write Shader
The system will automatically generate the corresponding Shader parameters (uniform) based on the added components,<br> and then write the Shader effect (note that you need to follow the code specification mentioned in the comments)<br>

##### Tip: Use getTextureColor instead of Shader2D
Since there is an optimization for merging sources in the rendering layer, meaning that the texture you reference is likely to actually be in a part of a larger set,<br> 
use getTextureColor to get the actual color (you need to work with getInRangeTextureCoord to get the actual UV coordinates)

##### Tip: Checking the "Pass Size Parameters" box will add a render size parameter for the mapping.
The actual rendering size is 8 pixels outside the map, mainly to manipulate a part of the area outside the map (such as the outer glow effect)<br>
>// Each frame is automatically+1<br>
uniform vec2 renderTargetSize;

##### Tip: Checking the "time parameter" will add a fixed time increment parameter
Each frame is automatically+1
>uniform time

##### Tip: "Additional calculations for parameter passing" allows script logic operations to be performed once per frame
Logic processing using TypeScript scripts executes author-defined code before rendering.


## Script Call
Prerequisites: a is an instance that inherits from GameSprite, regarding the operation of materials<br>
>// Add material #3 (parameters are default values)<br>
a.addMaterialByID(3);<br><br>
// Modify the parameter named red in material #3<br>
a.setMaterialValueFast("mu3_red",0.75);<br><br>
// Add material #3 and initialize the parameters:<br>
let m3 = new MaterialData3();<br>
m3.red = 0.75;<br>
a.addMaterial(m3);<br><br>
// Remove material #3, based on ID<br>
a.removeMaterialByID(3);<br><br>
// Remove material #3, based on data<br>
a.removeMaterial(m3);

## Reference:
[API-Stand-alone version - Game Genie category:GameSprite](?file=006-API-2D单机内核/002-客户端/027-GameSprite)<br>
