# os System
>Use this class to get the rendering engine initialized and for some common functions (such as post-publish window operations)<br><br>
>Maintenance personnel:**黑暗之神KDS**  
>Created on 2017-01-16

**Inheritance**  N/A<br>
**Subcategories**  N/A<br>
## **Public Properties**
|<div style="width:1000px;text-align:left">Properties</div>   |
| ---  |
| **defaultFamily** : string;<br>[Static] Default font  |
| **[canvas](#canvas)** : HTMLCanvasElement;<br>[Static] [Read-only] Get canvas element object  |
| **MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE** : number;<br>[Static] [Read-only] Maximum size of mapping supported  |
| **[platform](#platform)** : number;<br>[Static] [Read-only] Get the platform where  |
| **fullscreen** : boolean;<br>[Static] [PC only] Set full screen or cancel full screen, support after release  |

## Public Method
|<div style="width:1000px;text-align:left" >Method</div>   |
| ---  |
| **[init](#init)**(stageWidth? : number,  stageHeight? : number,  isWebGL? : boolean,  is3D? : boolean): void<br>[Static] System initialization
| **[add_ENTERFRAME](#add_ENTERFRAME)**(onHappen : Function,  thisPtr : any,  args? : any[]): void<br>[Static] Add a frame loop to let the function execute frame by frame (frame brush)
| **[remove_ENTERFRAME](#remove_ENTERFRAME)**(onHappen : Function,  thisPtr : any): void<br>[Static] Remove Frame Loop
| **[setCursor](#setCursor)**(style : string): void<br>[Static] Current mouse style as os.setCursor("wait");
| **[restoreCursor](#restoreCursor)**(): void<br>[Static] Restore the record cursor before changes
| **[detectOS](#detectOS)**(): string<br>[Static] Get OS
| **[resizeTo](#resizeTo)**(width : number,  height : number): void<br>[Static] [PC only] Set window size (unit: pixel), support after release
| **[moveTo](#moveTo)**(x : number,  y : number): void<br>[Static] [PC only] Set window position (unit: pixel), supported after release
| **[setResizable](#setResizable)**(resizable : boolean): void<br>[Static] [PC only] Set whether to allow changing window size, support after release
| **[setAlwaysOnTop](#setAlwaysOnTop)**(alwaysOnTop : boolean): void<br>[Static] [PC only] Set whether to allow windows to be displayed at the forefront, supported after release
| **[maximize](#maximize)**(): void<br>[Static] [PC only] Maximize window, support after release
| **[minimize](#minimize)**(): void<br>[Static] [PC only] Minimized window, support after release
| **[restore](#restore)**(): void<br>[Static] [PC only] restore window (for maximizing or minimizing after calling restorable), support after release
| **[closeWindow](#closeWindow)**(): void<br>[Static] [PC only] Close the current window, you can also close in the editor
| **[inGC](#inGC)**(): boolean<br>[Static] Whether in GC environment
| **[showFPS](#showFPS)**(): void<br>[Static] Display FPS, must take effect after engine initialization
| **[hideFPS](#hideFPS)**(): void<br>[Static] Hide FPS, must take effect after engine initialization

## Details

### canvas
###### canvas : HTMLCanvasElement;
[Static] [Read-only] Get canvas element object<br> 
Must be initialized after os
### platform
###### platform : number;
[static] [read-only] Get the platform where<br> 
&nbsp;0-GameCreator Web GC-Website platform<br> 
&nbsp;1-GameCreator App GC-APP<br> 
&nbsp;2-PC computer terminal<br> 
&nbsp;3-Web/Mobile phone Web ordinary web End (including mobile version)<br> 
@return


## init
###### **[init](#init)**(stageWidth? : number,  stageHeight? : number,  isWebGL? : boolean,  is3D? : boolean): void :
[Static] System initialization
##### Parameters
	[Optional] stageWidth Default is page size Default=0
	[Optional] stageHeight The default is the page size Default=0,@isWebGL [Optional] whether webgl mode, default true
	@is3D [Optional] Whether 3D mode is currently not supported



## add_ENTERFRAME
###### **[add_ENTERFRAME](#add_ENTERFRAME)**(onHappen : Function,  thisPtr : any,  args? : any[]): void :
[Static] Add frame loop to let the function execute frame by frame (frame brush)<br>
>var i =0;<br>
>os.add_ENTERFRAME(() => {<br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;trace(++i);<br>
>}, this);<br>
>


##### Parameters
	onHappen onHappen(arg1,arg2,...)
	thisPtr Scope
	args [optional] parameter set default=null



## remove_ENTERFRAME
###### **[remove_ENTERFRAME](#remove_ENTERFRAME)**(onHappen : Function,  thisPtr : any): void :
[Static] Remove Frame Loop<br>
For example, after adding a frame brush, there is a certain probability that the frame brush will be removed.<br>
>function gameUpdate(){<br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if(Math.random()<0.2){<br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;os.remove_ENTERFRAME(gameUpdate, this);<br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br>
>}<br>
>os.add_ENTERFRAME(gameUpdate, this);<br>
>


##### Parameters
	onHappen Callback methods registered with add_ENTERFRAME
	thisPtr Scope



## setCursor
###### **[setCursor](#setCursor)**(style : string): void :
Static] Current mouse style As os.setCursor("wait");<br> 
For example, if you need to change the mouse style in the game, you can use this method to change it, supporting custom images and .cur format cursor files (cur format supports offset center point)<br> 
url Custom images As os.setCursor("url('icon. png'),pointer"); os.setCursor("url('icon. png'),pointer"); os.setCursor("url('icon.png'),default");<br> 
default Default cursor (usually an arrow)<br> 
auto Default. The cursor set by the browser. <br> 
crosshair The cursor is rendered as a crosshair. <br> 
pointer The cursor is rendered as a pointer indicating a link (a hand) <br> 
move This cursor indicates that an object can be moved. <br> 
e-resize This cursor indicates that the edge of a rectangular box can be moved to the right (east). <br> 
ne-resize This cursor indicates that the edge of the rectangle can be moved up and to the right (north/east). <br> 
nw-resize This cursor indicates that the edges of the rectangle can be moved up and to the left (north/west). <br> 
n-resize This cursor indicates that the edges of the rectangle can be moved up (north). <br> 
se-resize This cursor indicates that the edge of the rectangle can be moved down and to the right (south/east). <br> 
sw-resize This cursor indicates that the edge of the rectangle can be moved down and to the left (south/west). <br> 
s-resize This cursor indicates that the edges of the rectangle can be moved down (south). <br> 
w-resize This cursor indicates that the edge of the rectangle can be moved to the left (west). <br> 
text This cursor indicates the text. <br> wait This cursor indicates that the program is busy (usually a table or hourglass). <br> 
help This cursor indicates that help is available (usually a question mark or a balloon)。



## restoreCursor
###### **[restoreCursor](#restoreCursor)**(): void :
[Static] Restore the record cursor before changes



## detectOS
###### **[detectOS](#detectOS)**(): string :
[Static] Get OS

##### Return
Mac/Unix/Linux/Win2000/WinXP/Win2003/WinVista/Win7/Win10/Android/iPhone/other

## resizeTo
###### **[resizeTo](#resizeTo)**(width : number,  height : number): void :
[Static] [PC only] Set window size (unit: pixel), support after release
##### Parameters
	width Width
	height Height



## moveTo
###### **[moveTo](#moveTo)**(x : number,  y : number): void :
[Static] [PC only] Set window position (unit: pixel), supported after release
##### Parameters
	x Horizontal Coordinates
	y Vertical Coordinates



## setResizable
###### **[setResizable](#setResizable)**(resizable : boolean): void :
[Static] [PC only] Set whether to allow changing window size, support after release
##### Parameters
	resizable Is it allowed



## setAlwaysOnTop
###### **[setAlwaysOnTop](#setAlwaysOnTop)**(alwaysOnTop : boolean): void :
[Static] [PC only] Set whether to allow windows to be displayed at the forefront, supported after release
##### Parameters
	alwaysOnTop Is it allowed



## maximize
###### **[maximize](#maximize)**(): void :
[Static] [PC only] Maximize window, support after release



## minimize
###### **[minimize](#minimize)**(): void :
[Static] [PC only] Minimized window, support after release



## restore
###### **[restore](#restore)**(): void :
[Static] [PC only] restore window (for maximizing or minimizing after calling restorable), support after release



## closeWindow
###### **[closeWindow](#closeWindow)**(): void :
[Static] [PC only] Close the current window, you can also close in the editor



## inGC
###### **[inGC](#inGC)**(): boolean :
[Static] Whether in GC environment



## showFPS
###### **[showFPS](#showFPS)**(): void :
[Static] Display FPS, must take effect after engine initialization



## hideFPS
###### **[hideFPS](#hideFPS)**(): void :
[Static] Hide FPS, must take effect after engine initialization





